Feature/refactor ping service (#496)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-worker: README.md

The _iExec Worker_ participates in a workerpool by computing tasks purchased by requesters on the iExec marketplace.
The _iExec Worker_ must connect to the _iExec Core Scheduler_ of the workerpool to actively participate in the computation.

After registration, the _iExec Worker_ sends a signal to the _iExec Core Scheduler_ at a fixed rate.

> This signal is used to let the _iExec Core Scheduler_ be aware af the _iExec Worker_ liveness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This signal is used to let the _iExec Core Scheduler_ be aware of the _iExec Worker_ liveness.
```

Author: Thanks, please see e4c4d18

At the moment, the rate is fixed and this signal is sent every 10 seconds.

> The _iExec Worker_ will be considered lost after 1 minute, which means 6 failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _iExec Worker_ will be considered as lost after several failures.
```

Author: Thanks, please see e4c4d18
